Point cloud classification update (#9006)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_point_clouds/point_clouds.rst

In the table all used values are displayed with the corresponding color and
legend. At the beginning of each row there is a |checkbox| check box; if it is
unchecked, this value is no longer shown on the map. With double click in the

> table, the :guilabel:`Color`, the :guilabel:`Size`, the :guilabel:`Value`
> and the :guilabel:`Legend` can be modified (for the :guilabel:`Color`, the :ref:`color-selector` widget opens).
> Assigning a :guilabel:`Size` value of 0 to a category will revert it to use
> the default point size set for the layer.
> The :guilabel:`Percentage` column will show you the representation of the category
> within the layer.

Reviewer: Considering that the number of options are growing, what do you think about 👇🏻, allowing to move details next to specific option
```suggestion
table, you can modify:

* the :guilabel:`Color`: the :ref:`color-selector` widget opens
* the :guilabel:`Size`: assigning a size of ``0`` to a category will revert it to use
   the default ref:`point size <pointsymbol_size>` set for the layer
* the :guilabel:`Value`
* the :guilabel:`Legend`

The :guilabel:`Percentage` column will show you the representation of the category
within the layer.
```
Line 419 would then require the pointsymbol_size anchor addition

Author: Hi @DelazJ, thanks for the review 😃 should we add the text explanation of **Render as a surface** [here ](https://docs.qgis.org/3.34/en/docs/user_manual/working_with_point_clouds/point_clouds.html#point-symbol)?

Reviewer: Yes it should go there, and up to you if you want to add it in this PR or another. All these features belong to master only.
Note that there is some related description in the 3D properties section, and also I pulled the corresponding issue #9024 we can take information (and rendering examples?) from.

Author: Ok, I didn't saw this #9024 issue... I will create another PR.

Reviewer: Normal, I looked for the original PR and initiated the issue creation after your other message.
